---
title: The Phil Rogers Files
author: Joseph McCrickard
author_role: Writer-at-Large
tags: major
image: phil.jpg
---
    The Advanced *Unfocused* Teacher Tracking Unit (AUTTU) has reported beloved
Seqta advocate Phil Rogers as missing. *Unfocused* reporters went in search of the
truth about his disappearance after the The Friends’ School executives were
suspiciously silent on the issue. What follows is speculative and unconfirmed...
We present:

## The Phil Rogers Files.

    January 1st 1:00AM: Student A wakes up in a cold sweat.

    January 1st 1:05AM: In an attempt to relax himself, Student A picks up
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and starts reading.

    January 1st 1:30AM: Student A goes back to sleep.

    May 31st 4:30PM: - Wet footprints were spotted by cleaning staff, trailing
from the Clemes girls bathrooms down to just outside the canteen. Late night
shower turned ping pong session? — we think not.

    June 1st 8:00AM - Lyn Tunbridge seen pacing the halls, cursing to herself. 

    Mikaella Gooch, *Unfocused* year 7 correspondent has reported that Tunbridge
has taken over the beloved classroom of H208. She seems stressed, trying to wrap
her head around the five new words that have suspiciously been added to her job
title. What those 5 new words are? That's a secret Gooch just won’t tell. She
claims to have finished her year 7 health challenge now and has no more service
to give. Thanks a lot Mikaella.

    June 1st 8:01AM - A very loud noise echoes over the High School campus. Ah
probably  just some more construction right? …… 

    June 1st 8:01:02 AM - A male yelp is heard coming from somewhere. (Sounds a
bit like Phil Rogers but not sure)

    June 1st 8:01:03AM - The roof of the Revel Centre caves in. Despite the roof
leaking each time it rains no initiative was taken to fix the issue. Ludmilla
sighted crying in pain at the thought of not having a gym for another couple of
years. What has authoritative figures so distracted that they have ignored this
catastrophe waiting to happen? 

    June 1st 8:02AM - A year 8 draws an Among Us figure on the board in N207.
Note, the Among Us game is about ejecting an imposter. What could this mean?

    June 1st 8:05AM - Theresa contacts the techies about Seqta not working.

    June 1st 8:07AM - Adam Chambers slinks off to his office. Releasing into the
Pensieve the cursed memory of having to set up the Gathering chairs himself,
Chamber’s can finally relax. 

    June 8th 8:03AM - Paul T Geist reports hearing eerie sounds of whimpered
cries when pressing his ear against the school walls. Even with centuries of
paranormal expertise under his belt, T Geist feels queasy. 

    June 8th 2:30 PM - Teachers promise to have released Seqta feedback but no
notification is seen. Probably not that suspicious.

    June 10th 8:25 AM - Phil has been missing for some time now, neither
teachers nor learners have been directed to where he could be.

    June 11th 11:05AM - Big Freeze posters keep being shifted around. Layered
over each other in the canteen the letters seem to spell out a secret message..
“HELP ME” 

    June 18th 3:45 PM -  not one push up has yet been done for the push up
challenge 

    June 18th 1:00 PM - Lunchtime sausage sizzle with soft drinks ($2)

    June 18th 1:17 PM- $2 conveniently leaves Phil Rogers’ bank account whilst
stock of Solo mysteriously goes down by 1.

    June 18th 5:30 PM - moon stolen from night sky. Beloved Physics teachers
Peter Smythe and Paul Van Tienen seem convinced it is something deemed a ‘new
moon’ but we at *Unfocused* do not buy it, clearly we have an evil mastermind
Among Us

    June 18th 5:31 PM - year 7 graffities another Among Us figure on the
whiteboard (seems suspicious)

    June 19th 9:30 AM - Local Tame Impala listener says the ‘vibe is off’

    June 19th 3:50PM - Cobwebs spotted in Phil Roger’s office, crushed Solo can
in corner, hint of lemon in the air, lots of ants.

    June 21st 4:14PM - Crushed Solo can gone, cobwebs remain, ants seen trailing
down through a crack in the wall.

    June 22nd 2:15 PM - Milk missing from the foyer fridge for 4 days. Calcium
levels are depleting to dangerous levels world wide! 

    June 22nd 2:30 PM - 5 hours of security footage conveniently goes missing,
Adam Chambers disappointed, has to make corrections to student absentee numbers

    June 22nd 2:31 PM - Boys bathrooms are re-opened but there's something
different, they seem to be haunted by a memory past, preserved in the smell of
watermelon vape, a bit suspicious 

    June 22nd 11:24 PM - ants race to Boy’s bathroom, convinced the potent
artificial watermelon smell is real, seems suspicious

    June 22nd 11:25 PM - The ants cannot be seen on Adam’s 8k cameras directed
towards the boys bathrooms. Seems suspicious that the cameras are pointed just
slightly above ground level. 

    June 22nd 11:37 PM - Delta Goodrem (seems suspicious)

    June 23nd 6:15 AM - Journalistic integrity in jeopardy (a little bit
suspicious)

    June 23nd 8:30 AM - ants return to main building due to disappointment

    June 23nd 10:40 AM - ants spotted in the foyer scampering across the
countertop. Three ants seen extra crispy in the toastie maker, ouch

    June 23nd 10:42 AM - Student B goes to use the toaster, sees ants, runs
away suspiciously

    June 23th 11:00 AM  - semester reports are released. Attendance numbers are
incorrect. School struggles to communicate who is here or more importantly… who
isn't

    June 25th 10:59 AM  - Phil Rogers’ name appears 5 times on mysterious
internet forum 

    June 25th 11:00 AM - @anon13274 leaks damming internal documents 

    June 25th 11:01 AM - unfocused editors receive blackmail threats with screen
shots of Matty Gruber’s, Blaine Stone’s, Kylie Van Der Walt’s and Monsieur De
sirloin’s youtube home pages. Subsequently *Unfocused* has been forced to cease
reporting on this issue. 

    If you're reading this Phil… contact the *Unfocused* email address and tell us
the truth. For now may we hold you in the light and hope that your service is
commemorated in an upcoming Friday round up when podcast shoutouts and sporting
achievements have been exhausted.

Editor's note: We're sorry for not publishing this sooner. The *Unfocused*
offices have been under extraordinary pressure from mysterious figures, which we
believe to be connected to this story. We're afraid we can't say anything more.
