---
title: Boys’ Bathroom Incident “Unforgivable”
tags: major
author: Joseph McCrickard
author_role: Writer-At-Large
image: bathroom_cctv.jpg
---

Clemes students have endured numerous bathroom incidents since the start of the
year. An anonymous Year 12 student claimed that the incidents were the fault of
“new Year 11 students” and that “this was never a problem before”.

The incidents, seemingly beginning with Adam Chambers’ vape crackdown, have been
escalating. Initially, the school desk in the cubicle puzzled students. Then, a
pinboard made it into the bathroom. finally, the contents of soap dispensers
were strewn across the floor before news made its way to the MSBCC (Male Student
Bathroom Conduct Consultant) and the bathroom was closed. An expert reviewing
the situation claimed that “the incidents seem to be organised by a gang of
bathroom bandits”.

In a statement, Adam Chambers said the bathroom incidents were “very
disappointing” and he would be “personally investigating the incident”.

Since the closure, students been forced to resort to The Farrall Centre
bathrooms.  Increased use of these bathrooms has left previously hidden bathroom
antics to be put on full display. Chambers has been spotted by numerous students
checking bathroom goers’ “vibe” before he grants them access.

Despite this added security, one student reported that the bathroom was
“constantly full” and said “god forbid you go in there during recess”.

Since the movement of restrooms in Clemes to The Farrall Centre, the bathrooms
have suffered in cleanliness. In an attempt to dissuade students from throwing
toilet paper on the floor and joining each other in the cubicle, the MSBCC
strategically placed an A4 piece of printer paper on the door reminding students
of the expectations.

As the bathroom antics inevitably continue, students will resort to leaving
class at peculiar times to avoid standing next to someone else at the urinals.
In response to our request for comment, the MSBCC stated that “the urinal
capacity is 4” and students should “suck it up”. Despite this, extensive floor
analysis conducted by Kylie van der Walt reveals that the far left and right
urinals are significantly more used than the centre two, indicating an
unwillingness from students to comply with the MSBCC’s recommendations.

Experts have theorised about the reasoning for the bathroom antics. One expert
suggested that “an increase in bathroom use has caused the degraded state of the
facilities”. When queried on the increase in bathroom use, the expert said “a
recent TikTok trend encouraging viewers to drink obscene amounts of water a day
for clear skin” has caused the uptick in both water fountain use and bathroom
use.

In a meeting about this article, *Unfocused* editors said this claim was
“probably true”.

The WFUFMDC (Water Fountain Usage From Males Data Consultant) was asked for
comment but did not reply. The BBCCM (Bathroom Bandit Conduct Control Manager)
was also requested for comment but would only make muffled sounds through the
tape over their mouth.

Human behaviour experts were consulted regarding the strange behaviour of the
BBCCM who concluded that maybe the “bathroom bandits have kidnapped the
manager?”.

During lunch break the *Unfocused* editors decided that this was “probably
false” given that the BBCCM was found in a cold dark room.

Liberal party leader Peter Dutton said that the BBCCM was just “having a bad
day” and the men sighted coming out of the room were “good mates” with him and
they would “never do anything wrong”.

Adam Chambers made a comment, but when he discovered we were recording, he
agreed to give us his Volkswagen Tiguan (R Line) in exchange for ten bucks and
not publishing what he said on the recording.

The ACACM (Adam Chambers Action Consultant Manager) did not respond to a request
for comment.
