---
title: New Service Opportunity Giving Friends' Students "Real Life Experience"
author: Blain Stone
author_role: Co-Editor
tags: major
image: ukraine.jpg
excerpt: Could joining the war in Ukraine be right for you?
---

The school Service Committee held a press conference today to announce their new
service activity: joining the front lines in the war in Ukraine! New Service
Committee chair (and new *Unfocused* intern) Jacob Zelenskyy ([no
relation](https://unfocused.page/2023/08/17/thursday-start-wreaking-havoc.html))
said the school was "proud and excited" to launch the new program. He said "all
our work is driven by the purpose and concerns, and we just know that students
will return from the war with a renewed sense of global perspective, if they
return at all".

Sign-ups have been especially strong among the year 10s. When asked why they'd
signed up, one year ten student said "well, I just wanted to get off of this
godforsaken campus for once in my lifeâ€”six years here? No way!". Another said "I
was worried about missing the end-of-year-10 festivities like the mud run, but
then I remembered that mud running is basically my life now!" A third student
said "look, I just wanted to get out of gathering, I'll be honest."

Former *Unfocused* year 7 correspondent Mikaella Gooch has signed up. She said
she was "super excited for the opportunity to contribute to the global
community". One of Mikaella's friends, who asked to remain anonymous, said that
"she's totally behind on her health challenge hours" and "she doesn't really
care about the war, just getting her service hours up."

Service committee members were reportedly split on whether to recommend students
to join the Russian or Ukrainian militaries, with one member saying "fighting a
war is just as valuable, no matter who for" and "students need to see the
wonders of war firsthand, and they can get that just as well in either army".

Will Friends' students be the deciding factor in the war? Expect more coverage
from *Unfocused* soon.
